(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(mysterious music)
[Narrator] Just as the
Digi-destined finally
caught sight of
the Sealed Grounds,
the menacing Machinedramon
launched an attack.
Tai and Greymon fought
a desperate battle.
(metal banging)
(beam exploding)
(metal scraping)
(mysterious music)
Machinedramon final phase
initiating. Force activate.
(Digimon beeping)
(explosion)
(group gasping)
Are you there?
Come in, Tai!
Do you read me?
Where are you, Tai?
(suspenseful violin music)
What now?
(group gasping)
-(group screaming)
-(wave crashing)
(ominous violin music)
(wind howling)
The Cloud Continent.
And this...evil miasma.
They feel familiar.
Can it be?
Yes indeed.
The dark miasma infesting
the Cloud Continent,
that remnant of the darkness
from the ancient war
is about to be
released...right now!
(ominous violin music)
Millenniummon.
(dramatic violin music)
(remnants screeching)
(Digimon growling)
[Vademon] Yes, flow into
it, ancient remnants
and give it power!
Now at last is the
time of completions
for Millenniummon's new body!
Time of completion...
(ominous violin music)
(Kari gasping)
[Kari] Tai.
(Matt growling)
Gabumon.
Can you fight?
Izzy!
Sora!
-(Izzy gasping)
-(Sora gasping)
Come on.
We're ending this.
(intense trumpet music)
You guys need to stay here and
protect Patamon and
Gatomon until they recover,
you got that?
(group gasping)
And look after Kari, too.
Right.
(intense orchestra music)
Well, Birdramon, you
holding up all right?
I'll be fine.
Coming, Tai.
(Izzy sighing)
[Kabuterimon] Izzy.
Let's hustle!
We're gonna have to
destroy that thing
before Millenniummon is revived!
-Yeah!
-Right!
(suspenseful orchestra music)
I'm sorry.
Even though Lillymon
can fly, I just...
It's okay.
Take it easy.
You just get some
rest, all right?
(Kari sobbing)
Komondomon, please!
You've gotta get up!
Take me back to where
Tai is, Komondomon!
-(Komondomon whimpering)
-(sad violin music)
Please, Komondomon.
Oh, Kari.
And don't forget, Komondomon's
injured too, Kari.
We all just need to rest.
(Kari sobbing)
(Gatomon groaning)
Gatomon.
Kari.
I...
(Joe sighing)
Thank goodness.
Kari?
(Kari sobbing)
[Kari] Gatomon.
What is it?
Tai and Agumon.
They're...
(MetalGarurumon growling)
Something's coming!
(Matt growling)
(Gryphomon screeching)
(Matt gasping)
(device beeping)
[Izzy] Gryphomon,
a Mega Digimon!
Okay, Izzy, Sora,
you go on ahead.
[Izzy] You got it.
[Sora] Let's go!
[Matt] MetalGarurumon!
[MetalGarurumon] Let's do it!
(explosions)
(Gryphomon screeching)
At this rate, Millenniummon
is sure to have been revived.
And we won't stand a
chance in our condition.
Kari.
What can I do?
Surely there must be something!
What am I supposed to do?
-(wind howling)
-(thunder rumbling)
[Gomamon] Joe!
(Gomamon yelling)
(Gomamon groaning)
Gomamon, you should be resting!
Joe.
Please just let me digivolve.
What?
It's the only way we can
get back to the other side.
(Joe gasping)
Tai and Agumon, they
stayed behind for us.
I can't just sit by
and do nothing, Joe!
(Gomamon groaning)
[Joe] Gomamon!
(group gasping)
(Mimi gasping)
(Komondomon barking)
(Komondomon sighing)
Komondomon?
(TK gasping)
[Mimi] Flowers?
Where'd they come
from, I wonder.
They must've gotten
stuck in Komondomon's fur
when we were running
from Machinedramon.
Komondomon.
I understand.
You're trying to cheer
us up, aren't you?
(Komondomon barking)
That's really nice of you.
(TK sighing)
(Patamon groaning)
Patamon?
TK?
[TK] Patamon!
-(TK sobbing)
-(Joe giggling)
(suspenseful violin music)
[Kabuterimon] What are they?
(lasers firing)
[Birdramon] Meteor Wing!
(explosion)
(intense orchestra music)
(suspenseful orchestra music)
(MetalGarurumon growling)
(Gryphomon screeching)
(MetalGarurumon gasping)
(explosions)
(thunder rumbling)
(Mimi gasping)
(Mimi sighing)
(Kari sobbing)
(thunder rumbling)
[Mimi] Yeah.
Yeah, I want to think
they're safe too, Kari.
I really want to believe that.
But it was such a big explosion.
Of course you're
going to be worried.
It's only normal.
(bright violin music)
(Mimi gasping)
Are you trying to
make something?
Yes.
It's a corsage.
A corsage?
It's a floral decoration.
You wear them on your
wrist or on your clothes.
Oh.
(Mimi gasping)
(Mimi sighing)
-(wind howling)
-(sad piano music)
(Kari sobbing)
(sad piano music)
(MetalGarurumon growling)
(crash)
(MetalGarurumon yelling)
[MetalGarurumon]
Garuru Tomahawk!
(MetalGarurumon growling)
(Gryphomon screeching)
-(intense violin music)
-(lasers firing)
[Birdramon] Let's go!
[Kabuterimon] Okay!
[Birdramon] Birdramon
digivolve to!
(intense orchestra music)
[Garudamon] Garudamon!
[Kabuterimon]
Kabuterimon digivolve to!
(intense orchestra music)
[MegaKabuterimon]
MegaKabuterimon!
(intense orchestra music)
(lasers firing)
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
[MegaKabuterimon] Horn Buster!
(explosion)
(Sora gasping)
(Izzy gasping)
(Kari weeping)
Oh, Tai.
(Mimi gasping)
(group sighing)
-(Kari weeping)
-(sad piano music)
Kari.
Hey.
Kari, will you
tell me something?
You must have a lot of
happy memories, right?
Tell me about them.
[Kari] What?
[Mimi] Of you and Tai.
Like birthdays.
And, you know,
Christmas, and New Years.
Memories like that.
I bet you've got tons of 'em.
Lots of happy, happy memories.
(Kari sighing)
(bright piano music)
Tai's someone who smiles a lot.
I like that.
I like it when he smiles.
It cheers me up.
My grandpa usually has a really
stern look on his face,
but when he smiles,
it's just lovely!
I guess I just really
like people who smile.
My grandpa used to say,
"When you're with
the family you love
or with good friends,
it just naturally puts
a smile on your face."
(Kari gasping)
So I'm...gonna
keep on believing.
Let's believe that
they're still safe!
(Izzy giggling)
(Sora giggling)
(Kari gasping)
(inspirational music)
(Matt growling)
Kari.
I believe it as well.
We've just got to believe.
You're right.
[Mimi] They're
definitely coming back.
(Izzy giggling)
[Kari] I believe it, too.
[Mimi] Good!
That's how we keep going.
[MetalGarurumon] Matt!
Yeah.
Let's believe.
Tai and Agumon are
definitely coming back again.
So we're gonna keep
pushing forward.
A corsage.
I'll make a corsage, too.
(Mimi giggling)
(inspirational music)
(Gryphomon screeching)
Let's do it!
[MetalGarurumon] All right!
Grace Cross Freezer!
(inspirational music)
(Gryphomon exploding)
(lasers firing)
(inspirational music)
-(Garudamon growling)
-(MegaKabuterimon growling)
(Izzy gasping)
(explosion)
(Sora gasping)
[Sora] Matt!
Keep on firing!
-All right!
-Gladly!
[MetalGarurumon]
Grace Cross Freezer!
(explosion)
[Kari] It's finished.
(Kari sighing)
[Gatomon] It's so pretty.
Like it?
I'm gonna give this to Tai.
(group sighing)
[Mimi] Mine's done, too.
(Mimi giggling)
[Palmon] It's for Agumon.
[Joe] But where are you
supposed to put that thing?
[Mimi] Where?
On your shirt, silly.
[Joe] Huh?
(grass rustling)
(Kari growling)
(group groaning)
(group gasping)
(intense orchestra music)
Now, Millenniummon.
Rise!
Millenniummon.
(ominous orchestra music)
(group gasping)
Well here we go.
It's Millenniummon.
(intense orchestra music)
(wind howling)
(Digimon growling)
(group growling)
We weren't able
to stop it, but...
(Kari gasping)
(intense orchestra music)
-(Kari gasping)
-(Mimi gasping)
(Kari gasping)
He's back.
Tai's back!
(victorious music)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] The
Digimon Encyclopedia.
Nohemon.
Nohemon looks like a scarecrow,
but the crow is actually
Nohemon's true body.
Nohemon's an expert sniper
with a bow and arrow.
Today we'll do a fashion check.
A hat with a headlamp,
a brown scarf,
and an overall grunge look.
Very stylish.
I wonder if that's
the crow's taste?
Maybe I should try and find out
Tentomon's fashion sense, too.
(victorious music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Backed
up by the faith of
their friends and Digimon,
Tai and Wargreymon begin
the decisive battle.
[Tai Voiceover] Next time on
"Digimon Adventure: The End,
The Ultimate Celestial Battle."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.